Alzheimer’s disease is the most
common form of dementia.
Research has shown
that the brains of people with
Alzheimer’s disease have
low levels of acetylcholine.
This chemical permits nerves
to transmit signals between areas of
the brain responsible for
brain communication.
Brain communication also
declines as neurons
cells that process and transmit information
degenerate or become a
tangled mass of fibers.
Other changes include production
of an abnormal protein
called amyloid,
which forms a kind of plaque
that is toxic to nearby brain cells.
It isn’t fully understood why
these changes happen in some people
and not others,
although genetics appear
to play a role.